# BlackDog
BBS in prog
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>BBS Style Page</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
</head>
<body>

<div class="crt">
<pre class="content">
In the blackness of an alleyway, pressed in by peeling vinyl siding and claustrophobic street lighting, I position myself with extraordinary care. I’m pressed against a locked door with a flashlight in my mouth, whose beam I’ve abandoned aiming in favor of exercising a conscious effort to mind my composure, which rises and falls at the behest of an unknowable pattern of barely audible clicks and small pressures in my fingertips. I’ve been here verging on forty minutes, sawing away at the pins of the schlage deadbolt with a rake pick, trying to get them to bounce into place while I offer conciliations to the man over my shoulder at fixed intervals. I’ve only just decided, against my better judgement, to swap to a short hook pick and make an attempt at single-pin picking the lock (a considerable step up in difficulty, demanding that the burglar lovingly feel out the location of each pin rather than praying that they fall into the correct position with sufficient kinetic agitation). I’ve given up on reassuring my compatriot now, and my eyes are closed. I’ve practiced this method hundreds of times, and have never in all that time struck the harmony between what I’m feeling with the pick and what I’m visualizing in my mind. This is a last ditch effort, driven by compulsion to rule out all avenues of attack. The short hook tells me with a smile and a wink that there are, perhaps, six pins in this cylinder. *click…* They all feel real, ready, there. *click?* Did I even really feel that one? I have to meter my temper, which encourages me strongly to give up. *Click.* My thumb, which is applying pressure to the tension wrench, gives. The cylinder rotates- Victory? -and continues to rotate through. I give a whoop, and my now well-bored companion echoes it. I go to turn the knob and… and!  and nothing. I turned the cylinder the wrong way when I picked the lock. Turning it back the other way will reset the pins. I turn to my partner and sheepishly explain this. His disappointment is palpable. Slowly, regretfully, we turn back to the lock. 

*click…click...click.*

I’ve been picking locks as a hobby since middle school when, enthralled by an in-class presentation on the rudiments of the craft, I stopped a classmate of mine after school and offered to buy his picks. Two weeks and $20 allowance later, I was officially a novitiate locksport, complete with tools! Thanks Nick. Promptly, as with all my youthful vertices of fixation, I discovered that I was not magically gifted. The picks would open no locks for me, not even the second or the third time I tried! They found a long-term home in my bedside table, until one day I traded them to a friend for some other forgettable tchotchke. 
“Good luck” I offered, “Nothing I’ve tried can get those picks to do their job.” He and I reconveined months later, one instance of many, and I noticed he had purchased a practice lock, one of those acrylic jobs that allow you to see the brass pins through the transparent plastic lock cylinder.

 He could pick it behind his back. “Skill issue.” 

I ordered a new set of picks immediately, a fancy wallet full of all kinds of nasty glinting implements. I learned their names, watched videos, accumulated a small mound of locks which all took an embarrassing amount of coercion to show me any love. When I came back to him, I could rake open any padlock cylinder faster than he could single-pin pick it. “I knew it,” he said, “all it took was the right encouragement.”

Years later, I locked myself out of my car on the last day of a camping trip 3 hours from the nearest locksmith. When he finally arrived, the mileage he’d racked up and the 30 second procedure he employed to pop my driver door open together cost me $400. There and then, as I sat on the hood of my car watching his van slowly disappear over the hill, I decided that I would never allow that to happen again, and shortly thereafter I learned how to break into cars. My friend (the one with my original set of picks) says I owe him a lifetime of on-call vehicle lockout solutions for putting me on the picking scent. It was his car locked in the garage I spoke of earlier, and yes, I was able to set the cylinder again, this time in the correct direction. *checks script* Hold for applause. 
 
Years later, again, I find myself on the boring side of a locked door, trying to access the closed-off portion of my college dorm building to nab some tasteful “abandoned building” shots for photography class. I’ve been sawing at the pins, adjusting my wrench, taking breaks. A quick search of the lock’s brand name reveals fresh complications and new vocabulary; “Dual Cylinder” and “Trick Pins.” I determine I won’t be able to pick this open. Alternatives? Shrouded hinges- no shot at knocking the hinge pins out. Shielded bolt- I won’t be able to slip the latch. I’m packing up and preparing to leave when something unusual occurs to me. This door has an RFID pad governing the lock electronically. My school ID wouldn’t do anything for me, but a janitor’s? I mulled on how to acquire such credentials for two days until, frustrated by defeat, I returned to the door with a screwdriver and pried the pad out of the wall, bridging the contacts behind it with the driver until the door gave up and opened. Eureka! My guerilla photoshoot was a success and netted me a rock solid B-. I did, however, later return to the door to discover the RFID pad freshly welded into place and a sign taped up on the inside of the door: “NO ENTRY.” Somebody somewhere had been notified of my illicit entry, via the magic of technology- an unknowable realm of complexity into which I had no insight, and which had caused me great frustration in the past. 

Skill issue.

I imagine by now you’re well on your way to realizing I’ve developed a resentment for locked doors matched only by my love of The Other Side. Additionally, in all the time that spans these vignettes, I’d developed a deep appreciation for the DIY variety of punkery that I’ve learned squares extremely well with the realm of Hacking. The day I decided to add an RFID fuzzer to my kit, my general spirit on the matter was one of “There can’t be too much to it. It’s just another lockpick.” 
Behind the first RFID door that toy cracked for me lay an endless plane of future doors demanding to be opened with tools I didn’t have names or skills for yet. You fine folks even had a fancy name for that weird and wild realm: Pentesting™. I found there was an entire community of folks who, like me, chafed mightily at the sight of a locked door, whatever form it may take. I heard tales of this thing called DefCon that sounded like the exploits of literal wizards. I learned that “raspberry pie” means something different to some people, and can be spelled with a number. God forbid, I even joined some discords, asked for advice on reddit, and tried to build a cyberdeck (unthinkable hurdles for a newly reformed caveman such as myself). 
That wasn’t too long ago now, and I wish I could say there was a montage of failures and successes between that Me and the Me narrating this story. I’m growing, slowly. Please laugh with me when I tell you I opened the command line for the first time the other day and, after much trialing and tribulating, asked it to call down yt-dlp from the vastness of the internet so I can pirate youtube videos. The cyberdeck is still in pieces on my workbench, and I’m working my way toward my 90 day chip through Cavemen Anonymous (haven’t smashed an electronic device with a Big Stick in over two months!) from under my rock I hear whispers of Kali and Nethunter, and every once in a while I’ll catch wind of some news: “furries punking fascists- leaked emails reveal all!” but it’s a far cry from netrunning. I feel the same exhilaration I felt with that first set of picks in my pocket, and the same sting of defeat as that first padlock when yt-dlp refuses to hoist the jolly roger. The difference is, all these years later, I know better than to give up. I’ve learned that all roads have ruts and rough patches, especially the long ones. I’m good enough at lock-picking now (for example) that I’ve had more than my fair share of adventures through abandoned buildings and tunnelways beneath universities, which by themselves pay for all the time I spent getting half-decent- years! And I still find doors I can’t open- but that’s the miracle of getting a little sharper every time; why pick the lock when you can crawl through the adjacent vent panel? If I can convey anything of use to the script kiddies, let it be that the very best type of obsession is the kind that is bottomless. If I’ve learned anything about this shit, it’s that there’s always another way- victory might be a few clicks away for you and for me. Now, those of you patient enough to stick with me through this story have among you members who, like me, are just beginning their journey through your kingdom. I encourage the wizened of your ranks to offer them helpful nudges in the right direction- I could sure use it myself. The world needs more shithead punks to not give up, to find the cracks, open doors to shake things up and stay with the trouble. You guys have the power to make that happen! 

Let me paint one last vignette for you.

I’m moving apace with a zealous stride- I didn’t see any security devices in the boiler room behind us, and the crawl beneath hot pipes through a pit of ambiguous grey sand was by my measure a strong enough deterrent to both thieves and maintenance personnel to preclude the presence of cameras, but nevertheless a good urbex dipshit’s best friend is speed. My brother and I are at a half-crouch to accommodate the low ceiling, and he’s struggling to keep up. The way is illuminated by the red beam of an anglehead flashlight I’ve pinned to my jacket- I’ve read they preserve your nightvision, and extrapolated that it’s less likely to quickly give me away if I should encounter someone coming down the tunnel from the other side. I’ve mapped out the parts of the tunnel I had previously explored in my head (somebody left the administrative office unprotected, and -hilariously- all the building’s keys were kept in a sheet-steel box armed with a four pin cam lock I was able to defeat with two paperclips), and I’ve got a good idea of which direction the university power plant lies in- I’m hoping to get inside. A map, or better yet, a master key would be an excellent artifact of this illicit run, but the last time I came down here I encountered -you’d never guess- a door I could not rapidly pick open. My brother and I are headed there now, he’s my lookout. With him at my back I can pay more attention to the lock, while he wedges the door to my right (which, by the sound, leads into the community room in the basement of one of the dorms) with his foot, and listens for those who might investigate the sounds of my probing. I’m conscious now of the fact that college campuses are largely secured with some of the most persistent locks an intermediate door-poker like me might encounter regularly, and I’ve yet to convince one of these BEST dual-core lever locksets to even wink in my direction, but today will be different. I adhere my pick wallet magnetically to the doorframe and choose a middleton tension wrench and my favorite pick- a cupped short triangle pick made of stamped sheet steel from my second-ever set of picks, which admittedly fails me regularly. I hand the flashlight to my brother and start negotiating with the cylinder:

*click…click...click.*

…Of course, I never got that door open (the pins were all trick and no give, the lock might as well have been full of sand). You become familiar with those high-stakes failures in these sorts of ventures- door won’t open, PCB the size of an inchworm fries instantaneously under the blistering attention of your Pinecil, second-hand smartphone comes preloaded with a foreign OS that won’t play nice with any of the established Nethunter kernels, yt-dlp cries “MUTINY!!” etc. I think one of the key differences between a hacker and anyone else is the willingness to stay there, find another solution, keep your mind on the problem despite the friction. I’ve admired this as an aspirant of hacking- always another puzzle to solve after the first, and another after that. It’s excellent training for any difficulty, and equips you with a number of useful superpowers, ranging from “managing stress in unusual situations” to “magically reviving systems and hardware that are incomprehensible to others.” I, for one, just took a free workshop on soldering at a makerspace in my city. I made friends, learned things, shared knowledge, and engaged with a challenge. I refused to forbid myself from a skill I didn’t understand, like I have seen some do (re: “I could just pay someone to do that” or “I can only draw stick figures” or “I could never do that”). All great victories! Did I go home and immediately fry a critical trace in the aforementioned inchworm-size PCB while performing an aftermarket mod that the workshop did not adequately prepare me for on a piece of tech too expensive to justify voiding the warranty for some RGB backlighting? Absssssolutely. But even then, I learned. By the skin of my teeth, I learned enough to do it right the second time. In fact simply by sticking with it, I resolved most of my earlier mentioned issues! (I’ve even got some command line prompts memorized!) That’s the magic of this thing, of the hacker’s value for “I won’t do it for you, but I’ll teach you how to do it yourself.” It makes us all more effectual individuals, and an exceptionally powerful collective. I’m proud to have found my way under the velvet rope, and I hope many more follow. If we can continue to build and maintain a community where knowledge is freely shared and participants can work together to build beautiful open-source monuments to digital liberty, we may yet get to see a new new world, with a couple more hellraisers and console cowboys in it biting the hand. 
</pre>
</div>

</body>
</html>
